Liss the cycle of these live action
movies goes as follows
they get announced and people question
what the purpose of them are they then
see them and they actually give them
pretty decent reviews then all of a
sudden the media gets mad and calls them
all unoriginal forgetting that they gave
positive reviews for the first ones and
those are still up online they start
comparing these massive blockbusters to
indie films for some reason even though
they have absolutely nothing to do with
them a whole cancer culture arises and
they realize is 2019 and they pull a
complete 180 because they realize
they're bashing a blockbuster that's
starring people of color meanwhile my
cartoon Mexican self is reading all this
on Twitter having a blast in terms of
Aladdin I personally think it's oh it's
okay it's a rented obviously I'd rather
they focus on original properties and
going back and trying to fix the
problems they had in their older movies
but I don't see what we're surprised
that Disney is recycling it's not like
Aladdin didn't already have two VHS
sequels they had an entire animated
series Jafar was in once upon a time
Jafar was in whatever the hell
descendants is the Broadway adaptation
is still going so obviously they're
gonna make live-action versions of
everything they have I mean they made
blue live-action so you know nothing was
off-limits and now she's coming back to
pretty much it's a whole new way for
kids to go back and watch the originals
I may not always find these new remakes
compelling but I kind of get the purpose
they serve it's like canceling the
original your your VHS isn't just
vanishing or ending up in a vault that's
what Disney does with their others but
it's just expanding sometimes milking
the world's they've created and that way
you get to pick which version you like
the best
the Disney version or the Disney version
you have a reason to write that article
or make that video essay reminiscing on
the original that you know you weren't
going to do unless the new one was
coming out so love it or hate it there's
something to profit out for everyone
even if they may not be the greatest
interpretations critics quickly forget
why families go to the movies you know
they just want to enter a whole new
world I don't know who remembers what
Arabian Nights was in Florida I think
it's close now but that was like the
Arabian version of medieval times where
the reason you're going there for the
dinner and a show is to get this theming
that when you're a kid you actually
believe you're getting transported to
another country how they had this bit
when I was younger where a volunteer
from the crowd get
on a horse and and she rips her pants
and nine-year-old me was so embarrassed
for her until I found out it was the
same girl coming back every night to do
that bit and so I realized they sell
season passes you know they're gonna be
expanding these stories on Disney Plus
right it's inevitable we're gonna get
new attractions over at the theme parks
my buddy even makes candles so that you
can bring that nostalgic smell home with
you so it's safe to say that this 90s
nostalgia
is gonna be going full force for the
next couple of years
let me explain so I obviously rewatch
the original before going into the new
one and that thing is still great I'm
saying this as someone who also
rewatched the old Jumanji for the new
one and I don't think that would holds
up at all now and also stars Robin
Williams so it's crazy to think that
Aladdin is even older than Jumanji and
it stands up and the older you are and
the funnier it is Robin Williams genie
is still hilarious it's actually the
only Disney movie that's won the Grammy
Award for best song of the year and it
turns out people were looking forward to
seeing it in theaters almost 30 years
later 30 years later
so Aladdin is actually based off of a
middle eastern folk tale but you can't
see him as being a Robin hood-like
figure in the new one because he's you
know helping other people by stealing
man's walking around rooftops like an
assassin with a Creed chillin with his
monkey likes Whaley when he bumps into
Princess Jasmine who's out and about in
the town disguised now I never realized
how much her story resembles Queen
Esther especially with the changes in
the new one she's not just trying to
find a prince she wants things to be for
Queen and country they didn't give her
this new song that I did work for me
it's kind of like Gabriella Montez
before he's tied but it's this song
about her wanting to be her own person
as opposed to what they really had in
the original house like this I think the
casting is perfect
Mehnaz gonna be an actor to watch for
with the upcoming movies that he has
everyone seems to want to play with Jeff
our staff but Naomi Scott's been killing
it I said why aren't my lemonade fans
out there we're talking about an actress
so gorgeous
they passed her down the Power Rangers
torch forget what Aladdin meant in the
90s do you guys know what the pink Power
Ranger meant only other person I can
think of who would have been the
perfect casting choice would have been
Nicole from the Pussycat Dolls but it's
not 2007 so this works very well one of
the best parts of the new one for me was
how prehistoric things felt I guess like
Billy Magnussen plays the prince who's
trying to get with Princess Jasmine but
his biggest dating issue is an
understanding woman it's a it's
understanding what a snake is like we
have an entire self written wiki page
online for every new person we meet like
before we even meet them we know that
they have a digital online diary we can
just read you don't even want to read
don't even worry about it some people
post their entire life and pictures
Billy doesn't even know what a snake is
you know I imagine not knowing the
fundamentals of life we've been riding
from my love imagine never visiting
another town because it would take a
year together you might die along the
way I finally understand why people walk
around with instruments in the desert
because now after months of walking
they're going on make sure everyone
knows they've arrived in this town try
your best to stay calm katako another
thing that kind of confuses me with film
Twitter sometimes is that they call
movies like this CGI slugfest I'm not
saying that they don't go overboard
sometimes but one hour CGI artists not
allowed to be talented like why do some
people not just bash bad CGI but like
CGI in general they just automatically
considered a bad thing that makes no
sense to me because it becomes one of
those paradoxes where if a VFX artist
does their job well we don't notice it
enough to praise them but whoa one
miskeen frame and boom we want to cancel
them - y'all are disrespecting the
actual practical effects I mean we're
talking about the production's that's
coming from the designer of Game of
Thrones HBO said to me they wanted me to
kind of like take over the whole look of
the series from the kind of the floor to
the sky so the Dussehra just building
the sets optional 20-foot or whatever
and going CGI takes up from there I'm
actually doing the whole lot I'm working
out what the CGI is going to be the
whole look of it from that from there
downwards so that we have a complete
look to the series so are y'all telling
me that you you're looking down under
that you took extra days off for this
product absolutely not the movie sets
are outstanding but we always find a
reason to complain as if they're not
doing their artistic jobs in terms of
Jaffar though going back
the story stood is the original
Littlefinger he's supposed to be the
Sultan's right-hand man before he pulls
an Aaron Burr sir he's manipulating
people with his titanium ranger Cobra
staff it was actually this animation
that taught me the basics of shapes and
symbolisms and movies like early on the
fact that you automatically know as a
kid that Jafar is supposed to be evil is
because of how pointy he is you know
thus he comes off more dangerous as
opposed to Aladdin and especially the
genie or as round as can be but let me
tell you that bird Jafar has is evil I
don't know what has been with these new
Disney incarnations but they're making
their characters barbaric this bird at
one point tells Jafar that before here
it's Jasmine make sure you rub that lamp
so that the genie can come out and
witness the pain you're about a cause
anyway
Jafar as big plan is to become the
Sultan himself but he can't retrieve
this magic lantern because he's not
worthy enough to enter that cave and so
he dupes Aladdin into going in for it
turns out he's as worthy of Steve Rogers
walks right in and he's swimming in more
golden smog was guarding finds a magic
carpet that can over him everywhere he
wants and it turns into uncharted
everything's crumbling down he's free
soloing his way to the top and just
barely survives thanks to his new carpet
friend interesting point here is that
not a lot of people know this but the
the carpet is actually the same actor
who plays doctor Strange's cape so this
movie definitely is pushing
representation especially with Will
Smith's genie don't be afraid
West Philadelphia born and raised on the
playground is here now all that so it's
just Will Smith I notice no one's ever
really mad at Will Smith like even when
he makes bad movies like terrible movies
that people hate no one's ever mad at
him personally so does he realize that
they can give him a check just for
acting himself but in blue like if will
played an avatar a smurf if he was a
member of the Blue Man Group he'd be the
loudest he'd be doing these same
inflections because he's just himself
and while I definitely put Robins genie
above Smith's I have read some of these
stupidest critiques for this people
saying that this is a slap in the face
to Robins as if he didn't have a
personal lawsuit with Disney that was a
much bigger problem I've heard people
complain that Will Smith's genie makes
too many current references and that
doesn't make sense because it's supposed
to take place in the past and y'all just
ignoring that Robin's did the same thing
it's almost like the two were
representing two different cultures and
thus you can understand why certain
demographics enjoy one over the other
that said he did do the cardi thing too
many times he's got several dance
numbers right I thought I was gonna hit
it with a whoa certain points he's just
acting like Jamal from on my block
but again Will Smith is funny corny but
I can't think of a more likeable actor
who can get meme to death from the
trailers and still have no animosity
against them anyways Landon gets these
dude against of boots because he's
trying to impress Jasmine so he wishes
to become a prince and since Google Maps
doesn't exist he can just create a
country that he supposedly came from he
pulls up with Smuckers as a gift but a
Latins game is so bad genie would rather
go back into his lamp and to be his
wingman genies magic is also invisible
and even have like Genie Bluetooth to
communicate but Jafar supposed to be so
smart and conniving that he's able to
put it together
Aladdin gets too cocky so he's able to
snatch the lamp and just wishes himself
to become the new sultan of the land
which now that I'm older
thinking about opening up a history book
flipping to read a page that just says
Sultan Jafar takes over by means of
magic lamp is the funniest thing like
can you imagine World War 2 ending with
the capture of an infinity stone
magic and I when Jafar asked Jasmine to
be his like now that he's assault
he wants her by our side he's like
forget the me2 movement you're mine and
she's just like well I just reject your
hypotheses she goes full Esther genie
just breaks the rules like several times
in this movie he just doesn't even care
what he's supposed to abide by but I had
to do a little rewind myself because
while the ending of the cartoon version
the way that didn't feature far is by
getting him to say that he wants to be
the most powerful genie does bottling
him up in the lamp the live-action one
does it a little bit different instead
he says I want to be the most powerful
being at least what I heard which I
assumed would put him above a genie and
would an alarm to get restrained but I
guess they gotta set it up for the
sequel they win
Aladdin sets Will Smith free so we can
go work on his YouTube channel and
jasmine and Aladdin live happily ever
after
until the live-action wrath of Jafar
thinking after checking out this video
I'm curious to know your thoughts down
below in the comments section like I
said it's a rented for me I know there
was a lot of discussion happening with
this movie it's so intriguing to see
people swap their like some people see
it somewhere and then they it's been
really confusing seeing people bash one
movie in order to praise another even
though the two aren't connected and then
later on they're gonna write an article
about the movie they bash and how it was
underrated it's a little weird to me and
if you've been a fan of the channel
you've heard me call this out a lot and
it always seems to come true with
certain critics who do this type of
thing but enjoy what you like man I know
some people who watch the trailer and I
could tell you that some trailers do lie
but if you saw the trailer and you
thought it was complete trash like it's
beneath you definitely ignore this movie
it's nice it's not gonna be better so I
can surprise you but if you saw the
trailer and you thought eh that was
enjoyable go watch I think you're gonna
enjoy it a lot you know and that's the
purpose of why I make these el Amin's to
begin with but I am Kirsten on your
thoughts i do want to give a big shot of
who i mentioned earlier on my buddies
they have this cool candle collection
that they that they make personally
themselves these wooden wick candles and
they have this whole disneyland which i
think is super dope because my
girlfriend's a huge Beauty and the Beast
fan I mean they got this little candle
over here that pretty much smells like
the Beauty and the Beast thing my the
rose my personal favorite is the Dole
Whip one because that thing smells
delicious but he actually was able to
send me this code so in case you wanted
to get some of these candles for
yourself you just go down below I'll
have it in the description
in the pinned comments get some of the
Canada's I think they're pretty dope and
he was able to hook it up and get you
guys 15% off I think they smell pretty
good check them out if you'd like and
also don't forget to comment like and
subscribe so I can grant you one wish